docs: login rule docs (#21195)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/resources.mdx

| connector | Authentication connectors for [Single Sign-On](../access-controls/sso.mdx) (SSO) for SAML, OIDC and GitHub. |
| node | A registered SSH node. The same record is displayed via `tctl nodes ls` |
| cluster | A trusted cluster. See [here](../management/admin/trustedclusters.mdx) for more details on connecting clusters together. |

> | login_rule | A login rule, see [here](../access-controls/sso/login-rules.mdx) for more info. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| login_rule | A Login Rule. See the [Login Rules guide](../access-controls//login-rules.mdx) for more info. |
```
